Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes, all three models classified the image as a German Shepherd.


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes, all three models classified both images (German_Shepherd_Dog*) as a German Shepherd.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: All three models correctly classified the Salamander (Animal), however all three models did not correctly classify the
Playstation 5 console. Alexnet model classified it the most dissimilar (as a soap dispenser). Both the VGG and Resnet classified it
as a loud speaker/speaker system, which is somewhat closer to the correct label.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: All 3 models are valid for dog classification, since none reported incorrect misrepresentations of the dog or its breed. Therefore,
we focus on the computing time to find any differences. The AlexNet provides the fastest result (of 1 second), so with this dataset the Alexnet
would be best for classifying images. However, if we look at the classification of inanimate objects (like the Playstation console), we might want
to use the ResNet model since it might be a little slower, but it may better classify inanimate objects (this might be subject to interpretation),
based on this dataset.

***All Images used in the uploaded portion of the lab were generated using OpenAI’s DALL·E model via ChatGPT on June 8, 2025.
